Create ui-c8y-1020-13-3-block-paste-dashboard-action-when-user-wants-to-copy-device-dashboard.md (#2316)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1020-13-3-block-paste-dashboard-action-when-user-wants-to-copy-device-dashboard.md

---
date: ""

> title: Prevented pasting device dashboards into groups and group dashboards into devices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Disabled paste action when user attempts to paste device dashboards into groups or group dashboards into devices
```

> title: Prevent pasting device dashboards into groups and groups dashboard into devices enhancement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Prevented pasting device dashboards into groups and group dashboards into devices
```

> title: Disabled paste action when user attempts to paste device dashboards into groups or group dashboards into devices

Reviewer 2: Restricted paste action when user attempts to paste device dashboards into groups or group dashboards into

> title: Block paste dashboard action when user wants to copy device dashboard into group (#6716) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6796)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Prevent pasting device dashboards into groups
```

> title: Block paste dashboard action when user wants to copy device dashboard into group (#6716) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6796)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
title: Prevent pasting device dashboards into groups and groups dashboard into devices enhancement
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-59834
version: 1020.13.3
---

> Block paste dashboard action when user wants to copy device dashboard into group (#6716) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6796)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Previously it was possible to click paste button when copying device dashboard and pasting to group (and other way too), but dashboard was not pasted and error was shown. Now paste button is disabled and title with reason for it is added.
```

> Block paste dashboard action when user wants to copy device dashboard into group (#6716) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6796)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
Previously, it was possible to copy a device dashboard and paste it into a group, which could lead to unexpected behavior and errors. With this change, the paste dashboard action is now blocked when attempting to paste a device dashboard into a group. This prevents users from accidentally copying device-specific dashboards to groups where the dashboard may not be applicable or function correctly.
```

> Previously it was possible to click **Paste** when copying a device dashboard and pasting it into a group (or vice versa), which resulted in an error. Now, the paste button is disabled and information for the reason is provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously users were able to copy a device dashboard and paste it into a group (or copy a group dashboard and paste it into a device), which resulted in an error. With this change, the paste button is now disabled and information for the reason is provided.
```

> Previously it was possible to click paste button when copying device dashboard and pasting to group (and other way too), but dashboard was not pasted and error was shown. Now paste button is disabled and title with reason for it is added.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Previously it was possible to click paste button when copying device dashboard and pasting to group (and opposite way too), but dashboard was not pasted and error was shown. Now paste button is disabled and title with reason for it is added.
```

> Previously it was possible to click paste button when copying device dashboard and pasting to group (and opposite way too), but dashboard was not pasted and error was shown. Now paste button is disabled and title with reason for it is added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously it was possible to click **Paste** when copying a device dashboard and pasting it into a group (or vice versa), which resulted in an error. Now, the paste button is disabled and information for the reason is provided.
```

> Previously users were able to copy a device dashboard and paste it into a group (or copy a group dashboard and paste it into a device), which resulted in an error. With this change, the paste button is now disabled and information for the reason is provided.

Reviewer 2: Previously, users were able to copy a device dashboard and paste it into a group (or copy a group dashboard and paste it into a device), which resulted in an error. To prevent this, pasting between device and group dashboards is now restricted and users will see an info message when attempting that.

> Previously users were able to copy a device dashboard and paste it into a group (or copy a group dashboard and paste it into a device), which resulted in an error. With this change, the paste button is now disabled and information for the reason is provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously users were able to copy a device dashboard and paste it into a group (or copy a group dashboard and paste it into a device), which resulted in an error. To prevent this, pasting between device and group dashboards is now restricted and users will see an info message when attempting that.
```
